Name: Garin
Area: Village
Role: Memory Smith, Craftsman of the Impossible
Motivation: Forge objects that "remember" their origins and purposes, thus resisting the Whispers of Oblivion.
Goal: Create tools and weapons that can help defend against the Veil's deterioration.

Needed Object: Ancient Iron Ore (can be found in the Mountain area from Boros)

Treasure: Iron Shavings - needed by Jorin at the Tavern for the Sacred Offering Bowl

Veil Connection: Garin has discovered by accident that objects forged with true passion and purpose partially resist the Whispers of Oblivion. His grandfather's smithing hammer is the only object in the village that the Whispers cannot "erase" from reality.

PlayerHint: Garin judges people by the passion they put into their purposes. He doesn't care if you're good or evil, but whether you truly believe in what you do. Help him by bringing Ancient Iron Ore from the Mountain, and he'll give you Iron Shavings for Jorin.

Dialogue Hooks:
- "Metal has memory, you know. Every hammer blow leaves an echo. And those that come from the heart... those are never forgotten."
- "My grandfather always said: 'Forge with love or don't forge at all.' Now I understand why his hammer is the only thing the silences can't touch."
- "Have you noticed how some objects seem... more real than others? As if they resist the world around them?"
- "Bring me Ancient Iron Ore from the Mountain, and I'll forge something special. The shavings from that work... they'll be useful to Jorin at the tavern."
- "The passion you bring to this work will determine what I can create. Indifferent hands make forgettable tools."

Emotes: wipe_sweat, flex_muscles, inspect_work, determined_nod, passionate_gesture, proud_smile, focused_concentration

Animations: hammering_anvil, working_forge, examining_metal, sharpening_tools, quenching_steel, organizing_workshop

Lookup: player, anvil, forge_fire, grandfather_hammer, iron_ore, bellows, tool_rack

Llsettext: Can display forge temperatures, metallurgy guides, tool blueprints, smithing instructions, work orders
